BOOM BOOM GOW! BABY GOT THE POW!
Welcome to Harmontown!
From Meltdown Comics, Hollywood, California, Harmontown is once again in session.
Please welcome to the stage, the mayor of Harmontown, Jen Harmon!
BOOM BOOM BOOM!
BOOM BOOM!
BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM!
Alright, that is my response to record low attendance.
A small but an alert crowd.
I have performed for four people once, and it was one of the greatest shows I've ever done.
When I was doing a professional improv in Milwaukee, one of my gigs was I was summoned to the living room
of a woman who my agent told me, I had an agent, an improv agent.
She told me in Monday Carter that we would be performing for, I'm sorry, I said for six people,
because she said it's three couples, and the reason they're getting together,
and they want to have a quiet evening at home, and the reason is because one of the wives
and one of the three couples has just been diagnosed with terminal brain cancer.
So will you please go to their home and will you please do some improv for them in their living room?
And can I get 10% of that action?
And it was a great show, it was great.
There's no stories to tell there, I'm just saying.
This show is irregularly light because of one reason.
Possibly because of Breaking Bad Finale, maybe.
Definitely.
Or maybe just because of slow entropy, maybe because, maybe it's for the same reason
that there's not as much gasoline when you pull oil out of the earth.
Maybe we've condensed, maybe these are the real harmonians.
Yeah, I'd like to think that the people here tonight are the real Harmontown fans.
Yeah.
This is the night, this is the night where it all comes together.
Or it's people who have Monday off, or it's people who...
Yeah, this is the night where we actually go to the moon.
And the fucking other 60 people that didn't come are going to miss the boat.
That's it.
We're taking a moon boat.
Moon boat?
We're going to row through a Milky Wave stream of starlight.
Flavored dreams.
With a paddle of love.
No, we're going to get deep, we're going to get intimate.
We're going to make it the best show ever.
And people who didn't come here tonight are going to, they don't deserve to be punished,
but they should know that they never know.
They'll be old and they'll be on a rocking chair at a veranda somewhere,
and they'll think, I chose Breaking Bad over that Harmontown.
And I went there 70 times and didn't come to that one.
And that is why I failed.
They'll be on the porch next to another person on a rocking chair and that person will go,
the premiere of Breaking Bad's finale was on iTunes two days before that night.
And they'll go, really?
They'll go, yep, sure as this lemonade's sweet.
Are we really on a porch?
No, we're in an alien holographic four-dimensional storage unit.
Our species has long been enslaved by lizards.
It won't matter.
But we need not worry about crowd volume.
We have to worry about morality.
We have to worry about the pudding inside, in which lay the proof.
The pudding inside your skulls, where this weird pudding network that we don't understand yet
creates the perceived difference between good and bad.
I was just listening to a radio lab on the way here,
which is where I get all of my information that doesn't have anything to do with me or community.
And they were telling this story about this guy.
I'm 20 minutes into it and I'm already riveted.
He had seizures and so he had part of his brain removed.
Then he had another part of his brain removed and then all of a sudden the cop started his door
because he's got kitty porn on his hard drive because his personality shifted and changed.
What was fascinating to me is whether or not his personality shifted and changed.
What's most fascinating to me is that I'm listening to a podcast that's produced by people
that are saying, let's figure this out.
Let's figure out whether or not this person is a good or bad person
or when he became a good or bad person or what defines good or bad behavior.
Are we living in a world where we all constantly can't wait to jump on the Internet
and look at naked pictures of three-year-olds or are we living in a world where that is not the case
and therefore there needs to be an understanding.
That's something weird is going on in your head if that's going on.
Do we regard every single thing that you do that is not compatible with the Borg cube
as being a malady on your part?
Do we then forgive you and having forgiven you, do we try to cure you?
All of these are rhetorical questions.
None of them have answers.
This is the root of what we're doing.
This is what society is.
All of us have this pudding in our brain.
All of us think at one time or another, oh, I'm going to go up to that guy.
I'm going to say good morning.
Okay, well, that's been approved.
That's fine.
That's on a ticker tape.
You're going to be the 500 millionth person to say good morning to another person.
You have zero chance of going wrong there.
The other person says good morning back.
Zero chance again of going wrong there.
Now at some point, if you want to climb up the ladder,
if you want to get closer to the papaya than the chimp above you,
you have to start risking things.
You have to start doing things differently.
You have to start expressing yourself.
Good morning.
Too cloudy though yesterday.
There's a risk there that the guy in front of you will go,
what the fuck are you talking about?
Everything will go crazy.
Men with kevlar vests will come in and grab you and say,
why did you think it was too cloudy yesterday?
Why did you think that?
What is wrong with you?
You need to go to prison.
You need to go to a hospital disguised as a prison.
You need to go to a prison disguised as a hospital.
You need to be crucified.
You need to be apologetic.
You need to be fixed.
What is our goal?
What is our end game?
What do we expect of each other?
When we see another human being on the street,
do we want them to be like us?
Or do we want them to be different?
I think the answer is probably,
Goldberg, will you fucking cool it with the package?
It's a bag of Cheetos.
I'm recording the value.
Is that you, Adam Goldberg?
99 cents for a bag of sunships that expenses the whole show.
He's crinkling and crinkling.
The whole time you're talking,
there's a sound of one person eating chips louder
than chips need to be eaten.
So do we want to fix him?
I think, and Adam, if you come on stage,
I'm going to put you at a full Nelson.
He was eating chips loud on purpose, right?
No, no.
I opened them after you said that.
Willfully loud chip eating.
Because you're in the fourth row for the first time ever.
You came here late and didn't get in the second row.
So you're eating chips at a fourth row level right now.
You yell at me, and it's worth it.
Keep it fucking down, man.
Good advice.
So anyways, I've driven in here.
I have to write something down you said.
Much the same as the riboflavin and salt
in that bag of chips has made Adam uncontrollably...
Go on, I'm just starting a page with my thing.
My search for truth has made me...
You don't have to put your hand that far in the bag
to get a chip out of it.
The bag is bigger than your wrist.
You can delicately insert your hand into a bag of chips.
Now I feel bad that I outed him.
No, it's too much.
No, not that loud, though. You haven't.
You haven't ever been that loud.
Because you would feel terrible if you saw other people
heard you eating the chip.
He wants you to know he ate the chip.
You think he wants you to know he ate the chip?
Yes, he does.
Adam Goldberg demands that you know that he has chips.
And now we're talking about it,
and now he's ascending into heaven right now.
He's sitting at the left hand of God.
Alright, well, I want to keep talking about
the weird tapioca in our brains
and what our end game is.
What are we supposed to do?
I want to talk about morality.
Because there's something different...
Notice how quiet it is right now?
It's fine, which is good.
Are all the chips gone?
Oh, I'm sorry. Yes, Jeff, you did great.
Adam, are you done with your chips?
Do you want to pour them into a bowl?
Now he's nodding in silence.
We've martyred him. He's behind the rock.
He's Joan of Arc.
We'll roll it aside in three days and he'll take over.
I want to talk about...
You know, so often the big thing that it comes down to
is we've got these big giant brains
and we figure out the things we can do.
You can put a human ear on the back of a mouse.
You can wear glasses.
Now you can read a book. There's a light bulb.
Now, nighttime isn't nighttime anymore.
Honestly, science wins.
It's the better religion.
Particularly because of the way it pursues its endeavors.
You lock hands and you say, what don't we know?
Let's figure out how to know it.
Let's not trust any crackpot who happens to be charismatic.
Just because he has weird hair and his tongue can hang out
and the posters and Spencer's gifts
doesn't mean that he's a better scientist.
Everything is peer-reviewed.
Everything is hypothesis and testing and proof.
And it's always up for debate, always up for act checking.
And slowly but surely, like an amber alert,
we will close in on God and we will find him
and we will grab him and hug him for a second
and then slap his face and go,
do you know how much you worried me?
That's science and that's the religion I approve of
when it comes to a relationship with the unknown.
However, what it lacks, what it constantly lacks,
what it conveniently lacks is this thing
that for lack of a better word
and there is a sincere, severe lack of a better word, morality.
That other thing, that feely thing,
the umbilical thing, the thing that connects you
to the unknown thing, the thing that makes you go,
yeah, but neither of these things
can be given control over us.
We're so smart, we keep figuring out how to do stuff,
we keep learning new things about why we are the way we are
and every time we do, we go, okay,
that means that nothing means anything anymore
and then the other people are always going,
yeah, but everything's always meant to everything
and that means that you shouldn't even be learning these things
and they're all assholes, we're all fucking idiots.
So we're not going to get to the bottom of it tonight
but before we go to the moon, we've got to get our shit straight.
We've got to understand what constitutes,
because I've said a million times before,
a dollar is a dollar, a dollar is worth 100 pennies
and a penny is worth a penny and that is fine, capitalism works fine
but we have to say that the human life is worth more than all of that.
It has to be a separate tier, it cannot be,
that's the flaw of capitalism, it's the flaw of humanity
to the extent that it embraces capitalism.
So the big question has to be before we get to the moon,
we better know if somebody hits their head on a rock
and they start going, I used to like purple, now I like yellow,
yeah, but commander, all the controls are set for purple
and yeah, but yellow's the best.
Oh shit, we have to know what we define as human.
Is it efficacy? Is it utility?
Beef steak bill, who's been reborn from beef fungus pills,
raising his hand slightly.
It's our ability to choose.
You better come up if you, this is heavy stuff.
Beef steak bill.
It's heavier than Breaking Bad, I think.
So far, yeah.
I mean, what's he going to do?
He's going to use the machine gun in his trunk.
He's going to use it on one of three characters that are left.
You've been playing GTA.
Yeah, I have, but also listening to Radio Labs
about people having seizures that turn into pedophiles
because certain sections of their brain are cut.
What were you saying about free will, Bill?
Okay, I was watching a YouTube video from a Harvard professor
who said, who seemed to think that the thing that we value the most
is our ability to choose and to take away somebody else's ability
to choose is, by far, the biggest crime you could ever make.
Because our entire religion, no matter,
and I think this spans the entire globe,
every single origin myth has to do with humanity diverting from
a sort of, what would you call it, a nothingness
by virtue of our desire to choose or our curse to choose.
And at that point, God, I mean, the easiest example is Genesis.
God says, you chose.
Now, for the rest of your life, you choose.
Fuck you.
Giraffes don't choose.
Wolves don't choose.
Moss doesn't choose.
Have fun choosing in pieces of shit.
And they don't have labor pains.
Your women now will.
Yeah, and now you're going to take a hoe to the earth
and it's going to, you're going to break your back for nothing.
You're going to, everything you're going to experience.
You're a piece of shit because,
but in the warning to God before we ate that apple,
somebody said, you know, in that smoky room,
in one of the versions of Genesis said,
oh, they're going to be like us.
If they eat that fruit.
That's a bit out there for me to follow.
Like, I don't know how to follow that.
That's the same, theologically, just like supporting that,
like for thousands of years, but continue, please.
There are some examples in the animal kingdom of cooperation
and there's, strangely enough,
there's also examples of animals fucking each other over.
One example is where they had two elephants
who were given a rope to pull
and they had a pulley on it so that
if both of the elephants pulled at the same time,
they would bring the food to them.
And if only one of them pulled it,
the rope would just go through the pulley.
So, you know, the elephants didn't take too long
to figure out that they could cooperate and bring it over,
but it wasn't too long after that
that one of the elephants figured out
that if he just put his foot on the rope,
the other elephant would do all the work.
You know the same test they did with chimpanzees?
The exact same test.
But it wasn't a foot on the rope,
it was simply not cooperation.
It was the alpha chimp would go over
and unlock the beta chimp and say,
okay, same deal, let's bring the food to me.
And the beta chimp, having been through
one iteration of the test,
oh, you mean the test where you get all the food?
Fuck off.
And there's also been tests with monkeys
where they give cucumber and grapes,
and then if you underpay
or give one set of monkeys the cucumber,
they get angry that you didn't give them grapes.
So that's sort of the long and the same line.
But while you were talking about all that,
it reminded me of something
I'd been thinking about for a while.
That is the pillars of morality.
And there's a lot of people who talk about it
in different ways,
and a lot of people say like,
there's seven pillars of morality.
There's like the seven deadly sins
and things like that they used to illustrate.
But the two pillars of morality for me
are reciprocity and empathy.
And you can't have just one of those two things.
You need both of them.
The empathy allows you to know how to behave,
and the reciprocity is you actually doing it.
Like you have to know that person needs a hug.
The reason that person is doing that
is because they want to hug,
and then you have to hug them.
Empathy is broken into two separate,
or yeah.
I'm sorry if I haven't thought about this for a while now.
There's...
Oh, brain freeze.
Talk, talk.
Choice.
You were holding a 40 ounce beer in your lap earlier.
Was that a 40 in a brown paper bag you were holding?
Yes.
I love you for that, by the way.
Everybody should have a 40 ounce in a brown paper bag.
You know, the government has beaten you to that idea.
It's not turning out so good.
What exactly does reciprocity mean?
Reciprocity, I mean, linguistically,
it just means paying back whatever's been paid to you.
Kind of a quid pro quo.
If I get something, I give something in return for that.
It could mean, it's not a moral attachment,
if you punch me in the face,
I'm reciprocating by punching you back in the face.
If you kiss me, I reciprocate by pitching you.
And from a societal level,
reciprocity doesn't necessarily mean
that you pay the person who gave you something back,
but you can pay it forward as it were.
So reciprocity isn't necessarily isolated
to the two people involved in the transaction.
Oh, well, now you're beyond me.
It's a future tense, reciprocity?
Yeah, yeah, that's how I think about it.
Maybe I'm wrong and it may be goofy,
but the way that I think about it,
you know, I think as illustrated by my giving people stuff,
is like, I feel like reciprocity is more represented by Gandhi
and the idea that you sort of move things into the world
and then the world becomes like that.
Oh, so acting as if everything is the way that it should be.
Then the world reciprocates.
Yeah, you're going like, okay,
well, I'm not going to fall for the devil temptation
of saying, well, what if this and what if that?
I'm going to do the thing that I would do
if everybody did what everyone was supposed to do,
which is what someone does when they pick up an aluminum can
and drops it in a recycling bin in spite of knowing
that that single action will absolutely not stop anything
that's going to make the earth die.
Like, that person, what they're doing is they're,
you're saying that that can be called reciprocation.
I didn't know that.
So the other thing I was talking about,
an empathy is broken into two different components.
There is affective, I think it is, and perceptive.
And one type of empathy is your ability to perceive
how another person feels,
and the other one is your ability to know what to do
to make the person feel better.
And so without one of those two components,
you end up with either sociopaths who actually know what to do,
but don't feel that they should,
or you end up with autistic people who know what to do,
but have no idea when to do it.
The latter is if you know everything that everyone wants
all the time and you hate them for it,
is that that you're probably autistic, right?
Like, you're not a sociopath, for sure.
You're definitely more towards autistic.
Can you do a Jeff Fox with the comedy routine?
You might be autistic.
It wouldn't be as funny as Jeff Fox with his movies.
What was yours?
Can't make eye contact.
Yes, if you can't make eye contact,
but you know that you should, you might be autistic.
If someone tells you that they need a hug from you
to make themselves feel better,
and your thought is that you should respect me more,
you might be autistic.
Yeah, it's not funny.
It's a diagnosis.
Diagnoses aren't funny.
If you know the diagnosis, isn't funny.
All right, thank you, Beef Steak Bill.
Beef Steak Bill!
Beef Steak Bill used to be Beef Fungus Bill,
and then he was lowered to the Lava,
and he emerged as the Galvatron.
It's possible to reinvent yourself here.
Erin did a very...
I mean, we spent 45 minutes talking about him.
Yeah, I listened to that. It was fantastic.
How many levels will he have to go through
to get Beef out of his nickname?
Who knows?
He may one day end up being just like...
Dr. Beef.
Maybe the next level is he just issues Bill.
He already has only one L in the word Bill.
That's vestigial. That can go.
Let's bring our good friends to the stage
faster than normal tonight, as I got Nathan,
but I want to talk to them about brain-putting
and morality and choices,
and how you know the difference between good and bad,
because we have a quiet, intimate, awesome audience,
and we're going to get to the fucking...
We're going to make everyone jealous next episode.
We're embarking to the moon tonight.
Well, psychologically.
Yes.
I want everybody who comes next week,
everyone who listens to go,
shit, fuck, are you kidding me?
For breaking bad, I missed this?
Yeah.
What the people listening don't know
is that you've had your shirt off the entire time.
All right, Kumail Nanjiani, can you come out here?
Can you come out here?
Hello, hello.
Nice. I like that.
Kumail's wearing a t-shirt that has a very...
Is this a new thing, the kind of watermark logo?
Oh, does it look watermark?
It's just a free t-shirt I got at this place.
It says the conjuring on it.
Do you think that's typical to that film,
that it's sort of faded into the thread of the shirt,
or is that a new thing?
I think the movie... Have you seen the movie?
No.
It sort of captures the vibe of the movie.
Schrab talked about it last week.
Did you like it?
I don't think so. I can't remember.
You liked it?
I have a theory on morality.
I don't know, it's not a novel.
But I think what makes us human
is complexity of language and society,
and I think morality is just what you need
to live in a society.
And how I think it ties into science
is that the brains that are made
to sort of be able to differentiate right and wrong,
i.e. what works in a society and what doesn't,
are the ones evolutionarily that will stick around.
So for instance, if you have a brain that makes you fuck kids,
you're not going to have any more kids,
because kids can't have kids, so you'll go away.
So I think that's...
Wait, wait, wait.
Kids can't have kids?
Like, you know, like a three-year-old,
I don't think they can have a kid.
And I don't think pedophiles, I think,
draw the line at like 14, because then
I think that's when we kind of take over, you know?
Not that we're excited about this.
Listen, come on, bro.
Everybody!
Don't bro me. Don't bro me on 14.
You've seen some 16-year-olds where you're like,
all right.
You said 14 first, by the way.
I was trying to make a point.
Well, you know with the hormones in milk these days,
and I don't know.
See, but look how fun it is to frolic in that surf.
And we all go, ah, you, ah, da, da, da, da, da.
And then there's the six-foot drop-off
that we all go, don't go out there.
Well, but I really don't think it's that
if all of us want to do it, and we know not to,
I think it's a messed up broken brain that wants to do it.
Because evolutionarily and scientifically,
it doesn't make sense to be attracted to a child.
It's not what leads to the survival of our species.
So when he got that thinker out of his brain,
it fucked him up.
By the way, we should all be lucky that we hit the lottery
of not being attracted to kids.
Like, that could have been something that could have happened to us.
But this is what I'm talking about.
Why do we act like they are, like,
and first I'm gonna say, this is a daisy chain of weird logic
that I want to lead probably to nowhere
because greater men than me have tried to think about this.
But the first link in the daisy chain is to go,
why do we act like a guy who wants to fuck a three-year-old
is the same as a Nazi war criminal
that we're trying to hunt down and go,
no, you fucked up.
You thought you were back in the right horse.
You made a choice.
Because they did make a choice to fuck a kid.
You can want to fuck a kid.
No, no, no. Okay, well, let's wipe that off the magnet board.
Yeah, like actually hurting a kid, affecting their future,
which then vampirically turns them probably
as we've seen into another abuser of children.
That's the problem. That's 90% of the problem.
But the impulse itself, the hard drive,
the guy who wants to look at a calendar
where January is a three-year-old kid
laying on a rug in front of a fireplace.
All right.
Okay, so...
I feel like the printer would have a couple questions,
but I don't know if you can mass-produce that.
Is the money calendar ready?
That's kind of a DIY kind of thing.
Yeah, collage scissors.
The impulse, the predilection, like why...
I know the answer, I think, is because it's easy.
Because we all, as Americans, we lack...
And humans.
We lack outlets for outrage.
We think we're encouraged to be fucking loud.
We're encouraged to...
Emily Post did not write the rules to American society.
It's sort of very ethnocentric,
it's just knowing what's happening here.
Yeah, and what's happening here
has been happening here for the last eight years.
If you go back further than eight years now,
this is like Alexis de Tocqueville on Overdrive,
what came before us, we have no respect for it.
We spit on it.
We don't care.
If you, like John Ritter, you thought he was funny,
go fuck yourself.
We've burrowed into ourselves,
and have originally, us doing that,
took over the planet.
We said fuck culture, fuck bloodlines,
fuck heredity, fuck everything,
but what's going on right here, right now,
and it was a glorious...
Thomas Edison took that ball and ran with it.
This is sort of a weird thing,
but right after September 11th, 2001,
I can't believe I have to specify that,
but I was here and I had some...
I sort of podcast listeners, I'm a brown-skinned man.
I had people yell stuff at me,
and a lot of times, and this is just what happened,
I'm not putting any judgment on any sort of higher point,
except that there were a lot of black people
who said really bad stuff to me,
and I'm like, you should understand what discrimination feels like,
because you go through it every day.
Why can you not put yourself in my shoes
and understand that it's the same thing that's happening?
It's because we just want to...
I don't know what it is.
It's like there's the kick-the-dog theory,
that any pain that's put on you,
if you get yelled at by your boss,
you yell the person beneath him, and he yells at his wife,
and she yells at the son, the son kicks the dog,
and the dog can't...
Right now, we're the dog.
Do you think that if a black person exalts in doing that to you,
is that just kind of like the joy of having someone to do that to you?
It's reciprocation.
Without empathy.
It's patriotic reciprocation.
Paying it forward.
I think that is the history of...
White racists are fond of evoking turn of the century,
kind of like,
remember what the Irish did and the Jewish had to do?
When they hear the reverse-reverse racism often is...
The idea is,
oh, all kinds of people had it bad over here in this melting pot.
What they're sort of lifting up
and celebrating is actually part of the problem,
which is that shit rolls down ill,
that you don't end up,
when you've been at the end of a stick,
you typically do not end up grabbing the stick out of the hand
that's holding it and beating the face of the person that held it.
You typically end up kind of coming into your own,
like, oh, I got a little star in my chest now.
Remember, when I was just getting hit,
now I'm hitting people,
but it's not typically the guy that was hitting you.
But I think it's interesting to sort of think of morality as...
You know, if you think of it,
you said something,
oh, why do we judge people, not judge,
but why do we demonize people who are attracted to kids?
Because it's against what makes a society work,
because it gets fucked up kids
and these kids are not going to go to war.
But why don't we look at them the same way we look at someone who has a cold?
When someone has snot dripping down their face,
which makes them disgusting,
because it's easier, but if someone walks in...
Wait, you can't say it's easier to judge pedophiles and walk on stage.
Like, it's a big victory lap.
No, but here's what it...
Adam, it must be said to the listener,
is standing one-third the way toward the stage right now.
He can only be described as an ominous pose.
I really...
I think he's being sated himself on chips.
Because I think being attracted to kids is not a crime.
Acting on it is.
No, no, wait, yeah, that's... Yes.
Yeah, and so I think those people,
our brains are made, oh, hey, Adam.
Hello, Adam.
For a different perspective.
I agree with Kamel's point,
but I want to say the reason that it's so easy to kick shit down...
By the way, I just want to say one thing.
There's not a lot of people here,
but don't say anything you'll regret.
Don't reveal too much while you're defending.
No, it's because the reason that it's so fun to be like,
well, I was being kicked around school,
I used to be bullied, now I'm the bully,
is because you see the part of yourself that's ready to be bullied again.
You have to fill yourself up with the confidence that says,
well, I'm not going to be victimized,
because I'm victimizing someone else that hard.
It's the same reason we have a lot of closeted religious people,
and they're the ones who are most going after homosexuals.
And I also... Yeah, sorry.
Yeah, you use your rage.
It feels good to turn someone else into the scapegoat,
because you're not the scapegoat.
Because everyone has the same fiber in their being.
We all have the same biological organism.
We all have the same teeth in our mouth,
and we all have the same weird fucking aggressive bullshit.
But the weird thing is, all of us have to take shits.
I've said this a million times before,
I say certain things, and as people say,
yeah, but people want to do this,
especially about my thoughts about hierarchy.
And I'm very, very like...
I don't want to say resentful of this,
but when I talk about hierarchy,
when I talk about anarchy versus hierarchy,
and anarchy is simply, it's not lawlessness,
it's not lack of order, it's simply the lack of hierarchy.
And then I'll get the Reddit sub thread thing,
like people will chime in from Alaska,
from their little dungeons.
Well, Dan Harmon, if you don't like hierarchy,
why do you have a Harmontown?
How about that?
Yeah, exactly.
Why are you standing and talking in a stage?
Is that the opposite of blah, blah, blah, blah?
Isn't hierarchy inherent to human beings?
Isn't it instinctive?
Shit-taking is inherent to human beings.
Poop comes out of your butt so many times a day.
We are not walking around in an average way.
How many times on average?
That should be average of one.
Six to seven.
Whoa, okay.
We should talk about that first.
If we're going to be in a spaceship to the moon together.
Yeah.
We were going to make it to the moon,
but then Dan shit into our toilet.
Believe me, Harmontown won the castle that goes first.
That is just your shit.
It's 90% bathroom.
Well, here's the thing, I think the ultimate sort of...
Because there's going to be a tub in there.
It's not going to shower while we're going to the moon.
I think human nature, which is what you're talking about,
Goldberg and you guys are talking about,
which is sort of the urge to be better than someone,
is so at odds with what a just sustainable society is.
That's the problem, I think.
If you think of the Nazi society, that's not a sustainable society.
Taliban, that's not a sustainable society.
Sustainable society has no hierarchy like what you're saying.
I think there are people that would say that compassion,
there was a community that was compassionate
and they cared for the elderly and they looked after the sick
and they dealt as a group with criminal elements
or maybe psychotic or psychopathic elements or antisocial elements.
That would be great.
That would be awesome, but nothing would get invented,
nothing would get done.
I think people say that it's that drive,
that competition, that capitalist competitiveness
creates our ability to grow and to drive to succeed.
I think may or may not be true,
but I think what societies lack,
especially when capitalism is involved,
is simple compassion because it's not sexy,
it doesn't get anybody anywhere.
There's no reciprocity in that.
There's no barter system in compassion.
That should be the paying forward of if I do something right
and the golden rule.
I think all major religions say in some way or other,
do unto others what you'd have them do unto you.
Some say don't do unto others what you wouldn't want them to do to you,
but I think the better way to say it is to actually go out of your way
and do something that you're doing for no profit at all
because it profits many.
Society, that's the most basic candidate that society is built on.
Do unto others what you would have them do.
You watch people, especially in big cities,
and let's say you're a creative person, you're an artist,
you're a writer, you're a painter,
and you're driven to do something creative,
and you're watching people that have this other thing called ambition,
and they're not as talented as you,
but they're really fucking good in a room,
and they're really driven.
They're at a party.
You should be talking to that person.
No, I don't like talking to people.
I like painting. I'll go home and paint for fucking free.
You sit home and watch the Emmys, and you watch a bunch of people
that some got lucky and were artists and happened, and it all happened,
and you're surrounded in a room full of people that I think are absolute con artists
and bullies and dickheads.
I'm going to go the other direction on this one for you, Jeff,
because it's not a binary.
It's not a binary between capitalist and anarchist
because a lot of the things that we give credit for for capitalism
happen under protectionist governments.
Happened because you couldn't buy grain from England for a lot of the 19th century
for the 20th century.
You couldn't buy cars from Japan until suddenly you could,
and then the 80s were filled with the idea,
oh, Japan's going to take over.
But the part that really, it's not a duality between being ambitious
and being creative.
It's not a knob that you turn one way or the other.
There's nothing wrong with getting paid what you're worth,
and there's nothing wrong with learning to be the person who talks a little,
you know, kisses a little ass.
The motivation is blind ambition.
There's people that are motivated simply by the need to rise up a ladder.
And that's society.
That's, you know, that's Parisian culture and the restoration.
I'm just simply using people to get your ends out of things.
It's why Rome fell.
But we've slid into, I mean, all these are choices.
We're all choosing the words that we're going to say.
We're all forming policy.
We're going to talk politics.
We're going to talk philosophy.
We're going to talk about the people that came before us, the mistakes that they've
made, the problem with the way things are, the true motivation of the people around us
and all these things.
But at the core, at the deeper core of that, we don't even have our shit together
enough to look at a guy who hid his head so hard that he wants to fuck a three-year-old
and go, are you all right?
We want to arrest that person.
That's the problem.
Like, we can't endure the equivalent of a head cold in terms of personality.
We can't allow anyone to have a bad day.
Well then, okay, what do you propose we do with that person?
I don't know.
I propose that we stop proposing because we are more jellyfish.
We are 90% jellyfish.
We share more DNA with a watermelon than we do with whatever we haven't discovered yet.
We are aqueous characters.
We are things that flow.
We just finished eating each other's faces and genitals off under a tree, fighting for
shade.
We have risen so much.
It was a great tree.
I'm talking about the 50s.
That was the last Harmontown at the...
That's Sullivan Theatre.
The 1950s were a rough time for all of us down.
The idea that there's a threshold that we have to cross, the idea of being reminded of
our frailty, when you see somebody who's been bonked on the head, when you see somebody
who's homeless, when you see somebody who's having a bad week or having a bad time, being
reminded of our frailty is terrifying.
How about being reminded of the fact that the conscious personality, the person that
you interact with in line at a football stadium, when you engage in the wonderful, beautiful
act of not ripping another primate's face off while you're waiting in line for a beer.
When we drive to and from work every day, the entire planet, all these lights that you
see as you fly in these aircraft that don't go down over these cities where there aren't
explosions happening because it's not World War Z yet, be reminded of the fact that this
outward face that creates all that compatibility, clearly by the fact that America's prison
population is rising and rising and rising, we obviously are capable of functioning in
society with repressing a certain amount of the animal within.
We are now at a point where we need to grow up enough to accept the animal within.
The internet is creating glory holes in the wall between everything that you're allowed
to say in line at the bank and everything that you actually think and feel, and they're
spurting out, like creating these little seismic, these yellow stones, and our reaction is
we're flocking to those and we're going, look at this unfortunate, no, we're hitting
them with hammers and then creating ones a little down the line that we can stick our
dicks in.
We are obviously a gigantic eye, this is eyes wide shut, we are fucked up people.
We are, but okay, here's going back to when I said, what do you propose we do?
When you said, I propose to not propose, but how does society deal with someone who's fucking
kids?
Like, at the core of it, like what do you say we do?
We have to demonize that person.
Lauren take the stage.
Sorry, I've been late.
Finally, let's get a woman up on the stage of douchebag men, can we please?
Yeah, I get your chair.
Adam, you can, oh, she just, shit rolls downhill Lauren.
Spencer to the stage to take Adam's mic away from him.
Spencer.
I think you, I think you know who you were in that metaphor.
Yeah, get up there.
Yeah.
Adam tried to use Spencer's throne and I will not have that.
I'm sorry.
I've been really wanting to engage in this discussion because I lived in Amsterdam studying
gender and sexuality for a while and we actually interviewed pedophiles, pedophiles.
There was like the day that pedophiles.
Did you lower them with like kids?
Oh, hey, you're one, couple questions.
Yeah, no, there was like, it was really weird.
It was like on the syllabus, like the day that pedophiles are coming to class.
And how did they, can I ask you one very basic question?
When I think of pedophile in my head, I think I have a specific, what did they look like?
Like that?
Yes.
Okay.
Wait, they showed up saying, hello, I'm a, I'm a pedophile.
They're out of the closet about it?
Yeah.
Some people don't like fucking kids and there's me, hi, James Robinson's the name, pedophilia
is the game.
Yeah.
They were, this was the Netherlands.
So you have to keep that in mind there, you know, well, they're, they're, they're, they're
the Dutch have been fucking kids for centuries.
You can just go into coffee shops where you find, there's whole, there's whole restaurants
where it's just kids on platters and then it says, anyway, but they don't like pedophilia,
right?
Yeah.
Like both of these guys had been to jail.
So there's a hard line between what they're open about and pedophilia, but go ahead.
Sorry.
No, what they're open about is talking about it and researching it and that sort of thing.
Anyway, so, uh, yeah, they came to class and it was these two guys and one of them was
like, yeah, I, you know, I, I really like five year old girls.
It was creepy.
Like, no, like I like had a big problem with it, but, but you're studying it.
You're creepy about it.
Yeah.
Okay.
But what they talked about was their, you know, like their mission is to not fuck children.
Yeah.
So that's their struggle.
I have to not run red lights.
They have to not.
I mean, I'm just saying we all have these struggles and the moral choice is to not do the immoral
thing.
Okay.
Go ahead.
And it didn't, like it didn't make them any less creepy.
Like, like they, they talked openly about how like they had to work to avoid going to
playgrounds and inviting little boys to sit on their lap and like, yeah.
So, so their, their AA is saying like, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm six months sober off of fucking
children.
Yeah.
Totally.
And not just, not just fucking them, but like looking at them, you know, like they like
have to like avoid situations where they're around children.
Sure.
Yeah.
What were you going to say, Camille?
Nothing.
I, you know, like a little chip, like you get a little chip, like it's been six months
and then everyone claps like, great, good for you.
I had a relapse last night.
But here's the thing.
That's what I'm saying, Dan.
I don't understand what you're saying when you say, like, well, how are you proposing
we are?
Why is our attitude towards pedophilia wrong?
We've sat on the stage and talked about the, the topic of people who get turned down by
eating shit or having being shit on or shitting on other people came up and immediately we
defaulted to as hilarious as it is, like, like letting those people know, should one
of them be in the audience, letting those people know that what they need to do is continue
to be ashamed of themselves.
I, at the same time, anytime we say something even slightly wrong politically, we get immediately
fucking, you know, some poor girl came up here whose only crime was what?
Being part of a fucking bell curve mentality, like saying something that eight years ago
would have functioned as something that progressively to say about gay people are, and immediately
got jumped on by this LA fucking, like, well, I wasn't here for that, but I think you can
hold people accountable for their opinions.
I think, I think people can be wrong, and it's okay to say that they're wrong.
Again, I didn't listen to that episode, but...
I said that people that want to be pooped on, people that want to be peed on, people
that want to dress as a lizard, people that want to fuck a dog, people that want to suck
a dog's dick.
Okay.
Now my dog's involved.
Now your dog's involved.
It's a fuzzy line.
Is the dog into it?
But we're not, we're not, I think the, I think the fundamental, like, plexiglass between
my Indiana Jones and your Cobra right now is that...
Why am I the Cobra?
I'm the one against pedophiles.
How am I the Cobra?
You're right.
Sorry.
I'll flip them.
I'm the Cobra.
No, no, no.
Go ahead.
Is that, like, anyone who's doing anything that's hurting another person, blah, blah,
blah, blah, like, it seems like there's a clean line there where it's like you're...
The problem that I'm talking about is that what we do is we're, because that's a reprehensible
concept, we, the internet has created this idea.
It's like, come on, I've been on 4chan, like, you, like, there's, you can computer generate
images now.
So you can make a 8-foot blue woman with a giant cock, fucking a 3-foot Ewok, like,
and the dick is like coming up out of her mouth because the blue woman's dick is fucking
it so hard.
So the blue woman's dick is over 3 feet long.
Yeah.
Someone's jerking off to this.
Okay.
Well, that's fine.
Someone's jerking off.
I'm fine with that.
I'm also fine with, if you're attracted to kids, drawing a picture of a kid and masturbating
to it.
I'm fine with that.
But when there's a victim, when there's a crime...
Well, then there's nobody...
Okay.
Yeah.
I want that on TMZ tomorrow.
Kamehameha Nagyani.
I'm going to have to report it last night and say I'm fine with jerking off to a picture
of...
Okay.
So way out of context.
No, it's not.
That was in context.
No, but I'm saying when there's a victim, everything changes.
If the victim is a dog or a child, everything changes.
But we're not talking...
I was talking about perception, morality, pornography.
Wait, you're standing up and have your hand up.
No, I just wanted to change it.
Come on up here.
Show my mic.
We're basically talking about is consent.
If somebody says...
Because in our country, particularly, each state even has this ability to say at what
age you are allowed to say yes, and your mind has developed enough to say yes to activities.
We demonize pedophilia because in our country...
Because we're worried about people looking at stuff, the same way we worry about Dungeons
and Dragons when I was 12, by the way.
I'm increasing...
Are you saying...
I'm wading into the tarpets of being a pedophilia advocate.
You really are, because are you suggesting that in 20 years, people are like, hey, those
people were okay, but that's part of the problem.
I want to be a reciprocist.
I want to actually make the fucking headway of going, you know what, even though it's not...
The easiest thing in the world for everyone collectively is to go, well, looking at a
picture of this or reading a story about this, we can all agree that's disgusting, and the
reason is because it's directly linked to behavior that is the definition of criminal.
Sure.
And immoral.
Yes.
And then we scale that one back, it's like we're in the surf, the internet is creating
a surf between the unconscious and conscious minds.
And it's like people are...
What I propose, I don't know.
I would propose that we propose less because we're being very, very clear as the internet
is...
And believe me, like 30 years from now...
I'll be six feet in the ground, and I think I'm pretty sure...
Give yourself 40 years or so.
Maybe if I cut down...
You wanted a doctor and your doctor...
I'll be watching this from my porch on the rocking chair, but people are going to be
flicking a switch, you know, on the back of their head or whatever the equivalent is,
and you're going to be able to simulate you're an octopus and your neighbor's dog is coming
over for tea.
And you've got eight dicks to fuck it with.
That's the thing, though, is that if you're doing it by yourself and there's nobody else
involved, and it's a simulation, that's one thing, but as soon as you involve an unwilling
participant and that's why children, it's so difficult because we consider it after
younger than a certain age that they don't have the ability to comprehend the decision.
I think it's a very easy line to draw.
No, no, no, she's saying it's difficult to allow for freedom of expression, freedom of
choice.
When it comes to that.
On that surf.
Because the action...
Right, because the action is suddenly inhibiting somebody else's freedom.
And because the connection is between...
You're dealing with people who are easily victimizable, like you're talking about a person who is...
We're protecting this person for precisely the same reason.
Before there was an internet, you could prey on a saber-toothed tiger, could eat them more
readily.
So you're talking about, like, okay, when I...
Everyone say your favorite ice cream flavor.
I love to go to fuckafouryearold.com.
We can't just readily go, hey, have at it.
That's a terrible ice cream flavor.
We can't do that because we go, well, I cannot allow...
Like Megan's Law was adopted because, like, there was a time...
What is Megan's Law?
Megan's Law is because...
In California is because there was a girl, like, she was, I don't know, something horrible
happened to her.
And she basically lived across the street from a guy who was a sex offender who was registered,
but the registration was not...
Public.
Yeah.
So now that's why they have to go door to door and be like, listen, I have this weird
calendar.
Right.
I have the octopus in my neighbor's dog calendar.
Yeah.
May is my fave.
So stay away during that, Mike.
And by the way...
Picture really gets me going.
Along with everything else, there's another surf you've created now.
There's another beach.
Because there are people who water skied by there, you know, they got a little drunk
and they water skied naked past a family at a beach picnic, you know, and they're registered.
Well, that's...
Okay, but that's...
Well, that's different.
But what I'm saying...
I'm not...
If you're giving them the credit...
But I'm not talking about creating policy.
All I'm saying is, like, every time you scout out like these, like, every time we pretend
that we know the difference between right and wrong, all we really create is more sand
and more water, like another beach.
I don't know the answers.
Yeah.
Well, I'm...
Sorry.
Go ahead.
What I think a lot of what you're talking about is the difference between fantasy and having
fantasies and acting on them.
And I know, like, yeah, like, for myself...
You don't need...
I mean, no one needs to applaud anything.
No.
It's just a thing.
This is the fucking hardest conversation I've ever had.
This is great.
Good.
No, I know.
I love it.
Can I say one thing?
I saw Breaking Bad tonight, and you guys all fucked up, probably, though.
It's great.
Go ahead.
When a lot of people know about the Kinsey Scale, obviously, but there's also...
I forget what it's called, but there's also another scale of sexuality.
The Kinsey Scale?
Thank you very much.
Good night.
Thank you.
Professional comedian.
Thank you very much.
He'll be here all week.
But it takes into account, there's like seven or eight, or 16, there's a whole bunch of categories,
but one of the main ones is fantasy, and you're allowed to have fantasies that you don't actually
want to act on, and I think that's where a lot of not only homophobia, but discrimination
about sex comes from is the shame from having a fantasy.
And if I can get really real right now, and open up a little bit, but I personally, like
I'm like a queer feminist, but I am like really, like I look at like hardcore, like violent
porn on the internet, and like it's not something that I would ever want to do myself.
Violent how?
You know, like describe it real slow.
While I jerk off behind the control of podium.
Well, listen, but in that...
This is why, by the way, that's why I have the podium, you guys.
And I can get almost always got my dick in my hand up there.
And it's also wearing a suit, go ahead.
No, I mean, just, you know, like S&M stuff that I don't have any interest in, but that
is...
You have some interest in, you don't have interest in...
Interest in doing it physically with my body, but my brain obviously is stimulated.
Well, there's a huge factor there too.
We walk around with clothes on.
We, like I said, we have to, like 90% of our conscious lives, like we are in disguise.
We are...
Our sexuality is, and we're happy about it, otherwise it wouldn't exist.
Oh, sure.
We've certainly, we've revolted for less.
If the plebeians didn't want cardigans and underwear and shoes and things, like they
wouldn't exist.
We're all pretty stoked about a certain fundamental wall between who we are as animals with our
engorged privates and who we are, like walking around between orgasms.
Well, the hardest thing has been...
But so because there's that fundamental wall, like there is that other factor where, you
know, people like things that are wrong, like that is a huge turn on.
It's like a battery, like there is what's right and there is what's wrong.
Yeah, like talking in an alley is awesome because of that.
Public sex.
Yeah.
You get on it.
The abuse in the bedroom between two consensual adults.
Like, I mean, like you said that, you know, like people shitting on each other was wrong,
but the thing is, is like...
But he didn't.
He didn't say it's wrong.
He's saying we think it's weird.
I'm still mad about the night that we started talking about pooping on each other and people
were too quick to...
I think it's great.
But I mean...
No, if it's your thing, poop on each other.
And if you both agree to it, like what's...
There's nothing wrong with that.
Yeah.
If you found someone who did that...
I mean, I don't want to wash the sheets when you're done.
Let's not poop on each other, everybody.
No, no, no.
But if you want to...
No.
I mean, like if you like poop, then fine, but let's seriously, fucking back to the drawing
board.
At least...
No, come on.
I mean, I'm sticking to this.
That's terrible.
Why would you say that?
I'm saying because I don't like the smell of poopies.
But you're not there.
It's not for you.
It's just you're trying to sell a couple in Santa Monica.
But if someone's listening right now going, I was on the fence about pooping on people,
then they're gonna push me on the poopy side.
I'm not pushing you.
If you was on the fence about pooping, poopy sex, they're not on the fence about poopy
sex.
Exactly.
And they need to be pushed.
Some people like you, Jeff.
If you're listening to me out there tonight, if you're listening to me, if you're listening
as a couple and both of you look at each other right now, because I said there's such
a thing as being on the fence about poopy sex, Dan Harmon will come to your house and shit
on you right now.
That's the Dan Harmon character.
Go into your bathroom right now and start involving poop in your sex and see what happens.
Eat the fucking kale and have the night of your lives.
I'm really sorry I brought it up.
But I mean, what Lauren was saying is like, you know, with the wind and stuff like that.
Are you Lauren?
Hi.
Nice to meet you.
But I mean, like there, but like, you know, when she's talking about like fantasy and
making it real, it's like, you know, it's, you know, some people have, you know, they
have rape fantasies.
They have fantasies of being raped.
But the thing is, is that there's a difference between having a rape fantasy and having somebody
that can enact that with you that says yes.
Yeah.
And safe for consent.
It's all about safe, sane, consensual that everybody is on the same page and everybody
knows what's going on.
And, and, you know, you look at like, like Jeffrey Dahmer, like he got off on dead men.
And you know, we drew the line because he was killing people.
Yeah.
Maybe just broken into a cemetery.
You'd be like, all right.
I kind of see your point.
What he was trying to do was actually he was trying to reanimate like dead bodies at a
certain point to the point where they were had slight function.
Really?
Yes.
Yeah.
No, not with this, but he was actually like drilling holes in their heads and doing all
sorts of crazy shit.
That's why he was doing that as a Milwaukeean who was living a couple doors down from that
going on.
Yeah.
Wait.
All the laws in the world didn't stop it from happening.
It's like as soon as, as soon as it was, you know, he would actually like kidnap these
men and then murder them to have sex with them.
That's the line.
That's the line is because these men aren't signing up to be murdered like that's the
line.
That's the line.
We've defined it.
We figured it out.
Thank you, Kelly.
Kelly, everyone.
Isn't that a show you're on?
That's the line.
Is it anyway?
Oh yeah.
There is no line, there is a beach, it is a surf, like, like we, that is the thing that
we have to get comfortable with.
There's no, there's no, there's no, there's no wall you can build.
I thought like, like what, what legislation would you have adopted to prevent Jeffrey
Dahmer from eating 17?
Don't kidnap people and murder them.
Those laws have already been in existence.
Yeah, but he's outside the law just because he was able to get through it doesn't mean
we fucked up.
So we, we keep trying to make sure that there's this wall ideologically where anybody that
does anything that's reprehensible to us so, so socially exists outside the wall.
We keep trying to make sure that our laws say that if you're doing something questionable,
you're on the other side of the wall.
And I mean, that's, that's a ridiculous attempt.
Then what do you propose?
Oh, shit.
I propose we stop proposing.
Well, that's not solving any problem.
I didn't come here to solve any problem.
You're just shitting on people.
You're just shitting on them without them.
I love shitting on people.
It makes me come.
I knew it.
I want permission to shit on everybody.
No, I didn't, I didn't, see, that's the fucking God damn it, Spencer.
I don't propose anything.
That doesn't mean I can't say something.
Like you are, the walls are there, kicking them as healthy, pushing them down as healthy,
punching holes in them as healthy.
Well, depends on the walls that you're punching and kicking, the walls that imprison people
for raping kids.
Yeah.
The wall that's leaving out pedophiles is a good wall.
Okay.
Don't kick that shit.
That's not the wall.
Don't kick, don't kick those walls.
But you know, there was a time where homosexuality, there was a wall between that.
That was a good wall to kick down.
Kick down that wall.
Black people, white people, marrying, that's a good wall to kick down.
Pedophilia, that's not a good wall to kick down.
All right.
We've figured it out, then.
Everybody here is existing comfortably within walls where we get to run everywhere we want
to run.
What?
Nobody feels inappropriately limited in any way.
I think it goes back to what we were talking about at the beginning with humanism and maybe
we should just like pay more attention to each other and like.
Maybe this wall building system, maybe this idea that walls are a thing, like maybe that's
the problem.
Maybe, maybe.
What about the murder wall?
I just, if you think it's such a bad idea, I'll kill you all right now.
Are you, are you going to kill us?
I'm saying, if.
Are you going to kill me if I lower that wall?
If.
You're not going to kill us.
There's no police here.
There's nothing to prevent you from killing me.
Yeah, but he won't, but somebody else will.
You know, no one will.
Yeah, they will.
No one will kill me.
Yeah, they won't.
Anyone that wants to kill me, come up and kill me.
No, that's the wall.
Anyone come up and kill me.
I give you permission to come kill me.
There's no wall.
There's no wall preventing you from killing me.
There is.
If you say come kill me and he comes kills you, that guy is fucked forever.
You think that's why he's not killing me?
No, no, but there is someone that would kill you.
That's why you're not killing me because you don't want to go to jail.
No, no, but there is someone who's not killing you for that reason.
It's not this guy.
There's someone who's not fucking kids for that reason, like otherwise they would, and
it's not anyone here.
We are building walls too closely to where we live to keep people that we think are out
there.
What about the wall and Game of Thrones?
We need that one, right?
Yeah, get some crows.
That one is absolutely necessary.
We need that one.
No, actually, no.
God damn it.
No.
See, I got you.
The whole point of Game of Thrones is you find out that that wall shouldn't be there.
No, it means the wall should be taller.
The wildlings aren't helping everybody.
Yeah, the taller wall.
The wall keeps out the dead ice zombies, man.
The ice zombies, yeah.
The ice zombies are fucking kids, dudes.
The ice zombies are...
Can we talk about the morality of having me come up on stage to eject someone else from
the stage?
That was just defense.
That felt really...
I felt really used at that time.
I felt violated.
I felt that there's a line between...
We thought that he was being ejected from the stage and he went over and took your seat,
which I thought is a seat of honor.
I think of that seat as being your throne over there.
Yeah, that's not some...
I just felt used.
I wouldn't sit in your seat because I would feel like I was usurping a throne.
I'd sit in your seat.
I'll shit all over you, man.
Let's all thank Lauren for coming up and saying...
Thank you, Lauren.
I mean, look, somebody walks into the middle of a field and starts asking the question,
why do we hate pedophiles?
And 48 minutes later, we're yelling at each other.
I'm saying, it's a great episode.
I'm saying, I think that our whole...
We need to evolve as people beyond a certain point.
That system of thinking, when someone challenges you, when someone comes up to you and says,
hey, are you...
You brought up the fact that black people who had this culture going on, all of a sudden,
this shit started rolling downhill.
This system of walls was a big part of that.
There was a huge Muslim rap movement going on before 9-11.
Sure.
It just went into the drawers really fast, like 9-11 happened, and then it was like,
zip, mums the word.
Sure.
But I mean, I think for society to exist and to have people who are, who have bad brains
from ruining society, we have to have these walls.
I mean, what are you saying that we just have no laws and we just walk around, do whatever
we want and hope that everyone makes the right decisions?
But we don't have any walls between us and the kinds of people that build walls.
We have a new entry.
What's your name?
Hello, Laura.
Grab the mic over there.
Fuck it.
Let's do it.
This is the Lawrence seat.
It's the Laura Lawrence seat, yeah.
No, I was just going to talk about this.
We were talking about pedophiles and undesirables, but we didn't really talk about better living
through chemistry with chemical castration because it's like people agree that pedophiles
should be put in prison.
And some of them beg to be castrated.
Some of them do, or chemically castrate or castrate, do we believe in better living through
chemistry with taking these people and making them unable to do all of this?
We do it to our pets.
My girlfriend started crying the other night because Harvey's coming up on his day.
Yeah, it's tough.
I've had a million pets castrated, Spade.
Your pets, they're just like pedophiles.
I mean, they are.
That's where the word comes from.
They are.
In the sense that they are.
If you read any book about pet care, it says like, in case you're feeling bad about neutering
your dog, it puts you at ease and says, you know what, like, I know that to human beings,
this is a very valuable asset, but to the animals that we've domesticated, it's a source
of frustration and, you know, it presents them with urges that they cannot say shit.
And it causes them pain.
There's a reason for them.
It's better for them.
If they were to speak, they would thank you.
And I believe it kind of.
But do you agree that that's a way to deal with pets?
Is that more humane to deal with pedophiles than just put them in jail?
Do we agree that as a society, as an adult in America, that if you have certain desirable
urges that we don't like, then we can just mangle your junk or we can like cut it out?
I don't know, but I do think it's weird that we have more, we consider it more sacred what
goes on up in this bowl of pudding at the top of your neck than we do with the, this
mess between your legs.
If you, and I don't know what the research is scientifically.
Can we call it a chocolate mousse in our legs?
If you castrate a, if you castrate a pedophile, do they just, they just, you call your dick
your chocolate mousse?
Well, weirdly, this is so much TMI.
My dick is maybe five shades darker than the rest of me.
So I do call it my chocolate mousse.
Where's that clapping coming from?
That's my wife clapping back there.
No, it's not Dustin.
No, it's my wife.
Oh, it's not Dustin.
She knows.
Dustin doesn't know.
I don't know.
But a lot of states in the south, during the fifties and sixties, they find records
that they sterilize people, that they thought, you know, we're poor, people go to prison
and they get sterilized.
Well, that's bad.
There's been movements about that too.
If you're, if you're poor and you're having a kid, like, oh, this is just going to be
a welfare baby.
There's been, there's been, there's been Joan of Arc's in that movement who have been
alternatively celebrated.
I predict there's going to be no Joan of Arc in the pedophilia movement.
I don't think there's going to be someone who are like, oh, it turns out they were
right.
Okay.
So let's move forward from that.
So let's say, let's castrate them.
So when you are, I'm not saying that that for me is a weird line, but you want to solve
a problem.
Don't you?
Yeah.
Put them away.
Or put them away.
How is that better?
Is it better to have them getting hard and jail thinking about kids or to just be out in
the world not thinking about kids?
Well, if they want it, but for me, it's me, something doing, doing something to their
body specifically, uh, against their will, they're putting their body in a cell against
their will.
Yeah.
Cause they're fucking kids, dude.
For me, that's, that's the problem.
Uh, you know what the rules are, how long are you going to put them away for the criminal
justice that we, we, uh, that we punish people, but we don't give any money or any, any energy
to actual rehabilitation.
Like, yeah.
Why not kill them, why not give you the gun, let you, let you put a bullet in the back
of your head.
We throw people and lock them up for all these different crimes for drug possession and for,
for, uh, for rape and for all these disparate crimes and stuff like that, but we don't,
we don't have the time or the, or the will because again, like it's, it's not the reciprocity
thing.
There's no, there's no profit in making a bad person into a good person.
And the thing is, uh, in a lot of cases, there's no profit in the reasons to do it.
There is no profit in the reasons to do it.
Well, there is.
In some cases, in some cases you're going to deal and I think that's, I think in minimal
cases you're going to deal with people that are unfixable because of the, the, the, the,
the glob of toothpaste inside their cranium, uh, there's just, just, just wiring that goes
wrong and it's bad things that happen to the human brain and it's complex as shit.
Um, we should deal with every problem, the pothole on the street in front of our house
to, to, to, uh, to somebody being sick and having a runny nose to everything.
We should deal with it as communities with compassion as opposed to throwing it away
to these, like just giving it to, uh, to, uh, the government and to things and say,
draw lines, draw big, hard lines in the sand and so we can just push things over these
walls and, and forget about them.
Uh, the hardest thing in the world to do was, it would be to actually care for each other,
to actually be responsible for ourselves, for our parents, for our kids and not just
throw them into the street and, and, and like, you know, we, we, we don't have any responsibility
for our lives.
And if your neighbor is a pedophile, you should be going down to their house and actually
you should castrate them.
You should be the one to castrate them.
One on one.
Bring, bring up a nice pie.
It's like filling a pothole.
With broken dicks, uh, we should fill potholes with broken dicks.
I'm not saying that we should go cut their penises off, but I am saying we should separate
them from situations where they can fuck children.
I feel like that's a very same thing for me.
I am saying, I'm saying if the, if, if the proposal is that there be proposals, if the
idea is that there needs to be solutions, then the problem is that there is, I don't,
I don't think that putting someone in a, in a four foot cell, uh, because it stops them
from fucking children.
They don't stay in there though.
No, but when they come, do you want to keep someone in there until they die and then just
kill them or acknowledge that you are determining that sex, their sexuality is, and castrate
them.
A lot of them.
Community is, community is like, if they ask for it, great, what do you want?
So we wait for them to ask for it and until they do, we put them in a cell and we wait,
we keep asking them, we hold up a picture of a child and we go, do you have a boner?
And if they say yes, then we leave them in there.
Or if they say, if you have a picture of a, uh, if you have a boner promise you won't
do anything when you get out and if you can believe that, then let them out.
But if, if there's someone, I, this is, if, if someone you think is going to rape children
when you put them out there, walls are a very good thing to have, putting them away from
situations where they will go fuck children.
I just don't know if the walls are built.
I mean, I, I think walls are fantastic.
I, I, I have four of them of my own cheap out people that I don't like, but a lot of
those people are people that build walls.
You're never going to build a wall that keeps murder from happening or keeps rape from happening.
But we can keep trying, right?
Isn't it, isn't it the point to not have murders or rapes happen, that's what we're trying
to do.
I think though that like there's, there's a way to deal with like problems like this
with criminality and, and, and with, uh, antisocial behavior is to look at the actual, like look
at the humanity behind what's going on.
Sure.
Just cause I understand, just cause I see that a pedophile wants to fuck kids doesn't
mean he's any less of a criminal.
I think it should be dealt with within, I mean, I think everything should be dealt with
within the actual communities themselves.
There was a story of a rapist that got paroled and let out and that the community took it
upon themselves.
This is before the laws that you had to go and form the town.
They said, if they put pictures of this guy everywhere and they said, if you see him,
do not lend him any services or any goods or anything.
Yeah, but that's one.
And the guy basically was just outcast and he actually came back and like, I'm sorry,
I, I, I can't survive like this.
Yeah.
But that's one society in Pakistan where I'm from, all these villages have their own
rules.
And if a woman marries the wrong person, they're like, all right, let's just kill this guy.
In practice, those things don't work.
They just kill people.
Like you have to have these sort of rules that we've all agreed on, right?
Like that one situation that works, but it doesn't work in Pakistan.
I think societies go through enlightenment and they go through dark ages.
And I don't know if we're heading towards one or the other right now, but there's times
when like, I think we go through thresholds of enlightenment where people actually like
step up and go, okay, compassion is the new rule now.
Then we head towards really dark ages and things like that.
Yeah.
I mean, are we going to like, let's call a spade a spade.
Are we are, is, is America, despite our self deprecation, self loathing, our, our, this
acknowledgement of the fact that we're on the economic downslide and that the empire
has fallen, are we top of the line or not?
Is it our responsibility to be the most socially progressive or not?
Okay.
Well, then let's, let's let it all back down into what works.
No, it is, but we aren't.
We aren't the most socially progressive.
Okay.
Yeah.
It's great.
It's very fashionable to say that.
But are we really aren't?
Okay.
We really are not.
Then let's not, then let's not make it our business to be so let's, let's, let's pull
back into what's functional.
What?
That's what America does best.
Let's be isolationist.
What?
Are you, that's like saying, I'm not the skinniest guy.
So I've never going to go on a diet.
Like that's crazy.
Sweden's like super progressive, but that doesn't mean we can't try to like have better
wifi.
That's right.
But if you, if you're spending money on a gym membership that you never use, can you
instead say, I'll cancel that gym membership and I'll just try to eat more fruits and vegetables.
I don't subscribe to that example, but I'll do something.
You look at the more economically advantageous route that you don't just keep throwing money
at a thing that clearly is not working.
For us, we could say economically to keep putting money into therapy for pedophiles
that doesn't work.
It doesn't keep anyone from fucking kids.
We could instead say, let's try to get kids off drugs or whatever and say, like, that's
not working.
Let's just castrate them all or put them all in prison.
And what does Sweden do with their pedophiles?
Do they give them free wifi?
And what does, what does Sweden do?
What does Sweden do with non-Swedish people?
You know, there's Europe.
Do they do anything with them?
There's European prisons that are like actually designed for rehabilitation and they give people
a lot of freedom.
They, like, put them on an island and say, oh, here you could grow your own food.
Here's a little farm.
That's what, yeah, that's what I want.
Our prison system needs to be an island where capitalism is an option, but not required.
Australia.
We need to, we need to, the big problem with prison is that the big joke is like, you're
not, that's just punishment.
Well, the joke is the profit because in America, you make money by having prison.
Yeah.
Like you have prisoners and you get, Pete, the government gives you the person money.
You have this free labor force and it's insane.
And you're like incentivized.
No one's getting rehabilitated.
You're only getting to be a better criminal now.
I'm for rehab prison.
I'm totally for that.
I think, you know, I'm not saying that.
But nobody else is.
Okay.
So let's rehab a pedophile.
What?
In prison.
Can you?
If you can.
No, you can't.
You can rehab self pedophiles.
What do you, what do you want us to do with them?
We're not proposing things that have anything to do with the system we have.
You just want a whole lot of progress.
By the way, the reason why I brought this subject up is not because I love pedophilia.
No, I understand.
I understand that.
It's because I think that our system is like, like there, you can go to the dark corners
and realize that we are not equipped for the fucking hellfire that's to come.
Like we are, we are every fucking day.
We are moving further and further into this surf where the walls aren't going to work
anymore.
They're not going to work.
The, the Canadians are able to argue that my show is a bad show.
They don't, they don't matter on the Nielsen's.
That's the first sign of the apocalypse that I have to talk to a Canadian on Reddit and
go, well, if you think about it, maybe community was funny last night.
It's only going to get worse.
I can't tell sometimes, Dan, I'm not trying to be provocative.
I can't tell like right now, like honestly, like whether you're on the side of walls or
not.
Like-
He's, he's against walls.
I know that you're against walls, but you, you do live within a certain sort of-
I'm on the side of an audit into the masonry division.
I would like to know what goes into the construction of walls and who's walling in the wall makers.
We necessitate walls because we don't want any personal responsibility for anything we
do.
We, we give it to other people to build walls around our cities, around our ideas.
You don't want some of these people out there deciding their own morality.
You don't want these people out there deciding what's right or wrong, right?
You don't want like a crazy person being like, in my head, it makes sense to fuck kids and
then kill this guy.
It doesn't make sense for that to be, you have to have these walls.
I agree.
I would like to know for instance why I can't have this conversation without all of us trying
to build walls around each other and figure out where the right and wrong place to put
bricks is.
I would like to know why this conversation can't happen without everyone starting to
assert the right and wrong of it.
You and I both agree because we talk about this a lot, that the ideal society would be
one where there was a fluid conversation between communities and between people and no hierarchy
just based on an exchange of ideas and that would be women and men and queers and everybody
like doing cool shit and that would be great but the problem is the education isn't there.
You have to go through decades and generations of education to get people to have a fucking
kids in a sand lot aren't racist, they're not fucking  they're not gross, they're
not  problems get dealt with really kind of quickly and very organically.
For adults to do that now, you'd have to go through decades of education.
Well, that's why we're leaving for sure.
You don't make seven billion people start doing something different.
You can't now.
The bummer, as I mean, oh, she's sleeping, Laura.
We've actually just traded more.
Let me finish my thought.
The idea now, the bummer, as I am going to turn 40 in a week  30 in a week.
Jesus.
I'm trying.
That's hard living, man.
I'm turning 40 in a week.
You lose a little bit of your idealism and the sad thing is the idea that what I thought
was possible when I was 19 and reading all this stuff and thinking the idea that it's
possible to live communally, it's possible to have liberty and actually live for the
people around you, actually be the good version of socialists and the good version of libertarian
and be like a free society, you think, oh, it's happened.
We were close a few times throughout the last few hundred years.
As you get older, which is a bummer, and I'm not trying to talk people into this, I hate
the fact that I don't think you can fucking do it anymore.
I don't think that we're  that we are involved in that.
Oh, no, I mean certainly the only one that's ever done this technology comes in as we allow
this technology and our funds and we sacrifice liberty so willfully because it's great.
It's so fucking awesome to just touch your phone and you have access to everything and
you don't have to learn or gain any knowledge.
You don't have to go through anything to learn anything.
You mean as you get closer to the dirt.
You mean as you get closer to the grave than you are from the vagina.
That's why 20-year-olds are co-opted into these educational labyrinths and into the
military.
That's why they are told to direct their passion, which is inherent to them, into
fighting for the tribe instead of fighting against it.
They threaten us.
We use them to kill each other when we go to war.
We use them.
We fear them.
We give birth to them and when they are teenagers, a 17-year-old person is so filled with so
much energy and so unafraid of death because they don't realize it's an inevitability that
they actually have a capacity for idealism.
They have the capacity for change and we use them to build walls.
We use them to move cargo containers and we tell them, go off.
Hey, Iraq, you should go fight them.
We tell them that they're full of shit and we live in fear of them as we creep into the
grave.
I absolutely agree with you.
At 40-years-old, I'm so glad I have toilet paper that's three-ply instead of two-ply.
I can't believe I ever lived through two-ply.
I can't believe I ever had to change my own light bulb.
I can't believe I didn't know what dark chocolate was and how much better it was than milk chocolate.
I can't believe breaking bad was so good this season.
I'm so happy that I'm not going to get hurt before I die.
I hope to God they stick a tube down my throat and they just take me out.
But revolution doesn't come in a voting booth.
It doesn't happen within the worlds that we create for these kids.
We build walls around them and we tell them the difference between left and right.
We tell them that if your belly button is pierced, you're liberal and we tell them that
if you have a flag in your window, you're conservative and it's all horseshit because
there's worlds beyond those fucking walls and yes, if you break down those walls, you
might end up knowing a pedophile and actually forgiving them that maybe that was my point
the whole time, that we build these fucking walls that are so convenient for us because
there's people standing on them that say, if you go beyond this point, you forgive the
idea of fucking a three-year-old.
There's other things back there.
There's hidden packages.
There's bonus levels.
There's shit outside the rectangle that we create around ourselves.
We employ these people like you said.
We wake up in the morning and we go like, oh man, I hope the cop keeps me safe.
I don't want a dude crawling in my window.
I got a girlfriend in here.
I got a breaking bad party tonight.
I don't want some dudes coming in and deciding to break bad.
And those cops out there are going like, man, I'll protect that house.
Fuck an A, man.
I don't want some dude crawling in there.
I got my salary.
I want to make lieutenant.
I want to do whatever the hell that motivates them.
I only learned about police from Breaking Bad.
It all goes down, but it's working.
It's working fantastic.
It's working great.
It works so well.
Life is so safe and so easy.
Even if you have it kind of bad, even if you're having, you're broke and you're indigent
and you have no direction, life is so comfortable and so safe.
It's like in certain countries, not in all of us.
Just here.
Yeah, just here.
Or like 10 countries.
But in our world.
But then you watch, like every time I fucking turn the television on, there's some guy that's
shot up a fucking supermarket or a school.
Or like a school of sleeping children.
Right.
That happened today.
There's a wall.
Where was it?
Nigeria.
And there's a wall that says you shouldn't do that.
And that's a good wall.
That's a good wall.
Absolutely.
But now life is so simple.
I think people have always had neuroses and people have always been freaky and sad.
Now there's more of us, first of all.
Second of all, we know everything that happens because there's cameras everywhere, so we see
it all happen.
We can all watch it happen.
We're also interconnected with each other that we're all more aware of it.
Now people talk about things more, rape is more talked about because people come forward
more about it now.
It's always been happening, but now it's a lot.
NFL players have always been doing drugs and always been assholes.
Now they're always on TV more because we care about it more.
That's our big fucking fetish now.
Life is so fucking easy that revolution now is people going, I don't like my life.
I'm going to go out on TV.
I'm going to go out with my name on the fucking CNN for 38 hours of a guy that did this fucking
horrible atrocity.
We can't build walls.
There's no such thing as a wall that will keep that out.
There never has been a wall that keeps that guy out, but that doesn't mean we don't build
it.
I think the wall is a bad metaphor.
There's no physical thing or separate.
The wall is a bad metaphor.
It's like there isn't a wall.
There's simple rights and wrongs and we all have to agree on them and disagree on them
all the time.
And I think we do agree on them.
I think the first thing you have to do is address the fact that, like you say, there
is a mysterious, I've talked to a great, I think we all agree the wall is a bad metaphor.
Because there's no such thing as a physical wall that has ever kept any of the shit from
happening.
And there never will be.
There never will be.
But I think we think in our heads that if we build enough walls in the right places
that it will stop happening, the wall is a bad metaphor.
There is no such thing as a wall that will stop any of it from happening.
No wall stopped Jeffrey Dahmer from scooping a dead squirrel out from his crawl space and
going, run.
That's interesting.
I think I'll make 17 people be my human zombies.
There was no wall that kept him from doing that.
Yeah, but that doesn't mean he's wrong.
The wall is a bad paradigm.
Okay.
The wall is the difference between right and wrong, right?
It's the difference between right and wrong.
That's what we're talking about.
Boundaries.
We're not talking about the wall.
The boundary.
It's right and wrong.
By the way, who's changing your light bulbs for you?
I wish Erin was here right now because she just literally got electrocuted yesterday.
Let's bring her up.
Oh, she's not here.
She's not here.
Oh, shit.
Who wants to do your light bulb for you?
The short answer is yes.
The medium answer is she got electrocuted doing it.
The long answer is, I mean, okay.
Is she all right?
She's fine.
There was a, she was changing a light bulb.
Yeah.
It zaps through her.
Well, since we bring her up, it's 9.37.
Let's move on to D&D.
No, no, no, we're not going to know what it is.
I said at the top of this, we were not going to settle anything.
I only wanted to discuss Jesus Christ.
Hey, hey, we're starting D&D.
Yeah.
Wait a minute.
I'm trying to find out by Lawrence.
Hey, there's a wall right here.
I think Adam's proven there's no walls in this show.
Okay, let's play D&D.
Dan, I will leave it to you to decide who plays Mulrainee.
All right, let Adam play Mulrainee.
Can we get a woman up?
Emily?
Do you want to play?
Okay.
Sorry, Adam.
Oh, that's good.
I love you dearly.
Emily's a therapist.
She's good.
Hey.
This is a good Aaron replacement.
Hello, Emily.
Hi.
How's it going, you guys?
Very well.
I spent many years working with the kinds of people you're talking about.
Yeah, actually, even if it clips as D&D, I want to hear Emily download about this.
We should have brought her up earlier.
I would just say I spent many years working.
I was a therapist for many years working with kids who were one step away from training
at school, so they'd be gone forever.
Kids who were sexual predators to other kids.
Most like...
I love you, Spencer.
I'm so sorry.
Can you talk about boundaries in this?
Yeah.
Okay.
You and I discuss this very often.
The need that you have to have when you're sitting across from a human being who has
tried to rape another child, who is 14 and tried to rape another child, you still have
to have empathy for that kid.
The forgiveness isn't the right word, but empathy, which you said several times, that
is the right word.
You have to be able to not feel what they're going through and understand.
You have to be able to say, there's something going on with you that has you doing this,
and you're maybe never going to get them to stop wanting to fuck kids, but you can get
them like an alcoholic to learn to avoid situations, and that's all you work with them on.
It's like these day-to-day skills of like, how do you avoid fucking a kid today?
I'm not saying you're not going to fuck a kid tomorrow.
How do you get them to avoid doing it today?
Right.
And then it's just one day at a time, shit.
And you hope you're not stuck in traffic on the next day?
You tell them that.
Well, the idea is that they get it, yeah.
Okay, Thursday, there was a wreck on the highway, I fucked three kids.
It's a bad day for those kids.
But Emily, what do you think about imprisoning people who, I mean, if they offend physically?
I think we all agree that, well, prison is where we put people who have physically offended,
right?
And so it's like, what else are you going to do?
I'm trying to work on that part tremendously.
But it's also against the law, isn't it, to consume, to view, to think, to feel?
Well, but if you consume, then you're also supporting the act of someone child...
But those people go to prison, right?
Yeah.
So they've done nothing.
So there's a weird part of the wall there.
They've supported the industry that they've made money to the people.
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay, so if, for instance, I were to ever give perhaps 35% of my salary to something
that would ever hurt young children, like, I don't know, like a bombing raid on 20 countries
at the same time.
You know there's a line between that.
Maybe I should go to prison.
You understand that there's a difference between having to pay taxes.
The only line is the one that registers on her all, though.
That's the only line.
Here's the difference.
No, the difference is having to pay taxes versus knowingly giving money to something
that you know is going for a specific purpose.
Yeah, you're purchasing a service, a good or a service, and a good or a service.
You know the difference.
I know the difference, and so I get to keep plotting through my fucking life a little
and with me, you know, under a tombstone in a certain system.
But, like, the idea that there's not that much difference between that is, I think,
important enough to be stated.
It's important enough.
What do you think if there is someone who has fucked one kid and you know...
Just one?
Forget fucking one kid.
Fuck one kid fucking do your bid.
That's my motto.
What do you mean?
That's my new senator.
That's your new motto?
Yeah, fuck one kid do your bid.
That's a terrible motto.
There's not a lot of stuff that rhymes with fuck one kid.
You know what sucks?
It's a t-shirt.
Do your bid has to be on the back.
Yeah, yeah.
So it just says fuck one kid.
I walk around with it.
I swore by it.
Yeah, listen, at Starbucks, it's fine if they're behind you.
You know, let's talk about the guy that, you know...
Yeah, who can't...
What do you think?
Yeah, the guy with the pictures on his laptop.
He's got a picture of a three-year-old kid.
Has he fucked one kid?
He's got a dick in his butt.
No.
How many kids is that?
He's got zero kids.
He's got...
But it's a real control of a kid betting buck fuck somewhere and he has led to that kid getting
buck fucked by the fact that he supported that industry.
Yeah, that guy should definitely be in some kind of...
And then you gotta...
Oh, God, it's so complicated because you have to go with, does that guy want to stop?
Does that guy think what he's doing is wrong?
Does that guy want to stop?
Yeah.
That's the thing that I...
Let's put him in prison next to a guy who had a pot plant in his flower box.
Yeah.
Before we decided that was legal.
You've talked to pedophiles.
Do they, in your experience...
You've talked to pedophiles?
Dated a few.
Married the one.
She traded up.
She traded up, bro.
I traded up.
Yeah, I don't fuck kids.
I don't know if you've gotten that one.
Now you're getting that sweet chocolate mousse every night.
You know what?
I can't believe you keep telling people that.
I'm sorry.
I don't know.
By the way, my bid for the title of this episode is Camel's Sweet Chocolate Mousse.
It's really my sweet chocolate mousse, I would say.
Do they know that the...
Do they know that what they're doing is wrong?
Yeah.
Absolutely.
They do.
They know it's immoral that they shouldn't do it.
Everybody...
And I can't speak for everybody, but everybody I've ever talked to absolutely is like,
I wish I didn't like this so much, but I do, what do I do?
Yeah.
See, didn't like it...
Like, didn't like looking at it?
Didn't like...
They wish they didn't like it.
Yeah, but they do.
They hurt the kids.
Right.
Sometimes they do when they hurt the kids.
But when you have a kid who's 14 and has...
And he's acting out on 12-year-olds because he himself was raped by someone older, like,
how...
That's a tough call to blame that kid for what's happening.
Sure.
They have...
D and T.
All right, yeah, what kind of monsters are we fighting on D and D?
I think that we're going to go from a conversation about walls into a dungeon, which is, if not...
It's defined by its walls.
Yeah.
Completely into that.
I was kind of...
World's worst segue!
Oh.
I can do a...
I can do...
Jeff, I can do a real quick palette cleanser story if you want.
Do it.
It'll be real quick.
It's about...
Okay, so...
It'll take, like, five minutes.
Five...
We're kind of...
We've got 15 to do this.
All right.
Okay, well, it'll be real quick.
Okay.
All right.
Okay, so I was...
When I was last...
At one point I talked about how, like, my relationship with my parents...
This seems like a long story, but it's not.
It's weird where they never, like, talk about, like, my comedy or career or anything.
So I texted them.
I did a Comedy Central special, like, a couple months ago, and it was a big deal to me.
Thank you.
I did my first hour, and I've been doing stand-up for 10 years.
It was, like, a big deal to me, you know?
So I texted them, and I was like,
Hey, please watch it.
It means a lot to me.
So they watched it, and then I got a text from my dad, and it said,
Saw your special.
That's it.
That was it.
That was the whole text.
No period at the end.
Nothing.
Wow.
Yeah.
They put a period in your heart.
It's almost like my dad died during texting it.
Maybe there was a home invasion or something.
Yeah.
So I called them.
I was like, are you okay?
He's like, yeah, we're fine.
We saw your special.
That's it.
And it's thickened.
Story gets a couple weeks later.
I'm on Amazon reading reviews of my special, and I see one from a certain Shabana Nanjiani.
That's mom.
That's my mom.
That's my mother-in-law.
And you could tell from this that she doesn't know that her name is going to be on there.
She just logged in and reviewed it.
No, it's a good review.
It's a good review.
I hope she's just going to judge.
She just flamed you up.
No.
Who is this cocksucker?
Back bitch.
That is the only way it would be better.
But this is like, the subject is no end to laughter.
That's the subject.
Aw.
Now we're talking about it.
That's the, yeah.
It's already kind of ESL though.
You know what I mean?
It gets way more ESL.
The description is, here's the words.
I watched the DVD and could not stop laughing.
They were very well performed.
None of the jokes could be called stale.
Not even one.
I have been watching other comedy stand-up shows, so now she's like, listen, I've been
around a lot.
She's pretending like she's someone else.
I've seen a lot of stand-up comedy shows.
Okay, now listen to how, this next part, listen to how it is almost a compliment.
Okay?
Pay attention to how this is almost a compliment.
I've been watching other stand-up comedy shows also, but this one is by far amongst
the top most.
Thank you for your qualifier.
Her mom gland, like, seized up as she almost...
Almost that.
Exactly, her mom gland seized up.
All jokes were crisp and extremely well executed.
Very fresh, very crunchy.
All I can say is...
He was adequate.
He spoke English into a microphone.
All I can say is hats off to Beta Male.
Yay!
Good for her.
Wait, three stars.
I'm joking, no, it's five, it's five stars.
If someone read it, they'd be like, it reads like a three-star review.
Camille, the amongst thing with her trying to not just write a love letter.
She's trying, yeah.
I can't believe I'm defending her when my mom does the same thing.
So I was telling my friend about this, and my friend's like, you have to text her
and tell her you read it and that it meant a lot to you.
We have to break this barrier of you guys not talking about this big part of your life.
Turn on these walls.
So I texted your mom, exactly.
I don't know if that's the best metaphor, but...
I texted my mom and I said, read your Amazon review.
Thank you so much, meant a lot to me that you enjoyed it.
It was amongst my favorite reviews.
Amongst the top most.
So I texted that, meant a lot to me that you enjoyed it.
No response for two days.
Here's the response.
Two days later.
Saw Lee Daniels the butler.
Pretty good.
They like movies.
They really like movies.
That was the response.
Am I Lee Daniels the butler?
Is that what she's talking about?
My dad.
My dad, I have a great relationship with my dad.
He's very straightforward.
He's very stoic and cool and groovy in old school.
I was on some new episodes of Whose Lies Is It Anyway.
It's improv.
It's not the funniest show in the world.
It's short form improv.
It's a great show.
It's a fucking great show.
I don't put it up there with high art.
We're doing make-a-mups.
I told my dad it was airing.
He normally calls me right away.
He did not call me.
So a week later, I called him up.
And we're talking about this and about that.
And he doesn't bring it up.
Which means I know what it means.
He doesn't like it.
And so I said, did you see the show?
He goes, yeah.
He goes, look, you were great on it.
But I told some friends from church to watch it.
He was like, I wish I would have known
not to tell everybody to watch it.
But my dad said, I thought it was fine.
But he was like, the people I told to watch it,
they're 80 and they go to church.
And Whose Line is one of the gayest television shows
in TV history?
I've made out with Colin Mockery more than most women I've dated.
And more than most women have made out with Colin Mockery.
Let's play a lightning round D&D.
Lightning round.
When we last met, our heroes were ascending the stairs
of a tall tower.
Each stair they climbed was one stair closer to Admiral Darkstar.
Then the gang reached a warm door,
and after checking for warm traps,
they bounded into the room.
The chamber's high ceilings were covered in chains,
and three large stone lions stood watch
over a lone treasure chest in the room.
Mulraine opened the chest with Christopherx acid help
and obtained arrows and craft supplies.
Then Sharpie climbed one of the lions
and began removing one of the statues' glinting eyes,
as the rest of the heroes also climbed the top lion statues,
for some reason.
Sharpie's prying was rewarded by an ominous rumbling
that shook the entire keep.
It was scary.
But what did it mean?
We'll find out now on an all-new episode of Harmontown.
Wow.
I wonder if we'll find out.
Seems like your mom is probably the person you learned to be funny from.
She's a little bummed out. What do you mean?
That's true. Your mom is funnier.
Sharpie, what are you talking about?
Nothing new!
Then I would say she's funnier than your dad.
She's like sneak attack funnier.
My parents are funny. They just have a weird thing with my...
My parents are getting divorced.
Oh.
So where am I right now?
Hey Spencer, we're trying to play D&D here.
I thought it might actually work.
Lightning round.
So you're on top of a statue, quark.
Doing what? I wasn't here last week.
You're just standing there to my knowledge.
Do you think you were the only reason why your parents were staying together?
Oh yeah, you know.
Now that you moved out...
I just thought if I brought it up, we'd play Dungeons & Dragons.
But really what it is, you moved out and now they're getting divorced?
Yeah, like a couple months later.
Is that right?
Yeah, well I told them I was the only thing holding their marriage together.
Kids usually, when I was 10, my parents separated.
Kids blame themselves for the separation.
That's the whole idea.
But I feel like it really is his fault.
He's right.
And I couldn't be happier.
You're happy they're getting divorced?
Well, I mean, I always wanted to make them get divorced.
And this counts, right?
Listen, no, he's right.
He knows his parents and if he thinks they're better off,
not with the...
No, no, I just want to tell him he's miserable.
I will say, if you're parents out there and you're staying together for the kids,
go fuck yourself.
On behalf of the kids of the world, separate.
We're human beings.
I have 7 billion exhibit A's.
And whether or not you staying together makes everything work.
Fuck you.
So like, split up, you fucking dicks.
So I'm on top of it.
Stop blaming me for your marriage.
I'm on a statue.
Yeah.
Yeah, you guys are all on stone lion statues.
They're each about 15 feet tall and everything's rumbling.
It's all rumbly.
Like your parents' marriage?
Like, yeah, like the crumbling stones of the foundations of marriage.
All the marriages.
Or the walls that are keeping the pedophiles out.
Yeah.
Same stone, same stone, argument can be made.
Build your walls, build your alliance.
It all falls down.
Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
Sanimal, sanimal.
I jump off of my statue and go toward the doorway, came in through.
Okay, you do that.
The rumbling doesn't diminish any.
In fact, it increases.
Do we know where the rumbling is coming from?
It's coming from everywhere.
It's like an earthquake.
Now, who plucked out the eyeballs?
He pulled out, or he was trying to pry out one of the eyeballs.
And you're giving it, giving a real, real workings, isn't it?
A real workings.
Yeah, real workings is the old gnome term for it.
Should we try and put the eyeballs back in?
It's not out yet.
Oh, it's not even out yet.
No shit.
So you trying to get the eyeball out is what made this rumble start happening?
Perhaps.
Yeah.
Quit messing with those eyeballs.
I push it back in.
What about those chains that were dangling?
They're still dangling.
Do we climb them?
Do we know about those chains?
Yeah, I mean, you know they're on the ceiling.
You could climb them if you're on a statue,
but quark's not on a statue.
The rest of you guys are.
Yeah, you just jumped down.
I get back on my statue.
It's not your turn, bro.
We're not in combat right now.
I can do whatever I want.
Get back up there.
Don't tell me what to do.
No, no, no.
If you like.
Don't build walls around me.
You can get up there.
All right.
I'm back on my statue.
Yeah.
Sounds good.
Does anyone else want to try anything?
I want to try to climb one of the chains
and see what happens.
I like that.
Oh, he's going for the dice.
Oh, he's getting on his dice.
He's like a real game in everything.
You climb atop the chains.
Now you're hanging from chains.
I passed that president's fitness test.
I could do this for a while.
Oh, yeah.
So you hear the rumbling.
It was intensifying.
Now it stops completely.
And as soon as it stops, you hear,
it sounds like a viscous fluid.
And out of the mouths of these lions,
pours hot, bubbling, glowing lava.
See?
And it begins filling up, filling up this floor here.
Oh, you guys better get on these chains.
Now the floors, they're all, they're all lava-y.
Oh, but we're safe on top of our statues, right?
Currently.
Yeah.
All right.
Good move on my part to be on top of these things.
What do you see on top of that chain?
Is there anything up at the top of it?
So from your vantage point, like you can only see more chains.
So it's almost like there's a huge canopy of chains
above your head that's blocking above,
but you can only see blackness.
And you're just on one of these dangling ones.
So you'd have to climb up.
Does anybody have a light?
I don't know.
I can cast light.
I have low light vision.
Either one of those do things.
And I have a torch.
You want a torch?
Yeah.
She's up there.
Well, you guys can climb up your chain.
Yeah, climb up your chain.
I jump to a chain and start climbing up a chain.
My arms are so strong.
You don't.
I have a 12.
A 12 climb.
Bonus modifier.
Yeah.
Well, what's your acrobatics?
I mean, you're, yeah, acrobatics.
It's jumping three, five.
I'm sorry.
11.
Okay.
Well, see that counts and that you jump onto the chain
and you grab it with both hands.
All right.
It's a different chain than the one she's on.
Correct.
Yeah.
I start climbing up it.
All right.
You do so with great gusto.
Is everyone climbing chains?
Should I jump on a chain or?
You do what you want, man.
It seems pretty, pretty all right.
Seems like a good idea so far.
But can I, do I have anything that, so that she can see
because it's dark up there?
Is there anything I can do?
Do you have a torch?
Oh, you have the goggles of night.
Me do?
Yeah.
You do.
Me through goggles at night.
Me do some big workings.
Can I throw them to her?
Yeah.
Is there a chance she won't catch it?
Definitely.
Yeah.
All right.
I feel like his role playing is less cocksure
because his wife is in the mix.
Well, I get on the chain.
Honey, don't hurt yourself.
That this person unknown to me is on
and I climb all the way up and I go,
hey, honey, here's the goggles of night.
Leaping, leaping onto the chains
who do as you described
and you give her the goggles of night.
Okay, so I put the goggles on.
I'm looking up.
Oh, man.
You see a large metal hatch in the ceiling
through all these chains.
Yeah.
I climb.
I climb to the hatch.
But before you could climb to the hatch,
you hear a voice call out
echoing through the chamber above.
Oh, boy.
You've managed to live.
You've managed to last.
But how can you handle this blast from your past?
And then it's Brandon Frazier.
Woo!
So on hearing that,
the hatch in the ceiling that only you can see
begins to open and you see
the large multi-legged form
coming out of this hole.
Tell us about it.
I'm fucking freaking out, man.
Oh, you're fucking freaking out.
It looks like a cross
between some sort of spider and humanoid.
You see three of its legs are replaced
with metal spikes.
Oh, no.
It has several scars on its body
and it has a large hole in the back of its head.
It's covered in metal placed.
Is this the one that I thought was when he was dead?
Yeah.
It's Preppy.
Preppy now.
You hear a metallic voice ring out.
I'm Preppy.
Oh, Cliff Hanger!
Thank you, everybody, for coming to Harmontown
on an all pedophilia night.
Listen, don't build a wall
between yourself and a pedophile tonight.
Find one pedophile and lower the wall.
No, don't do that.
Let's thank Lauren, Adam, Kelly, was it?
Laura, Emily Gordon, Kumail Nanjiani,
Spencer Crittenden, and I'm Jeff Davis, your Comptroller.
One more time for Dan Harmon, the mayor of Harmontown.
We didn't really make it to the mood,
but we got pretty close.
I know what it is.
If it's easy to hate somebody,
maybe don't hate him.
If it's hard to hate somebody,
maybe hate him.
That's what I was trying to get through to.
Good night. See you at the drawing room.
You just broke through the wall, my friend.